Add docs related to zed/4758 changes (#4811)
brimdata/zed: docs/commands/zed.md

> a server instance of `zed` on the same file system and data consistency will
> be maintained.

### Locating the Lake

At times you may want the Zed CLI tools to access the same lake storage
used by other tools such as [Zui](https://zui.brimdata.io/). To help
enable this by default while allowing for separate lake storage when desired,
`zed` checks each of the following in order to attempt to locate an existing
lake.

1. The contents of the `-lake` option (if specified)
2. The contents of the `ZED_LAKE` environment variable (if defined)

> 3. A Zed lake service running locally at `http://localhost:9867` (if a socket
>    is listening at that port)

Reviewer: Maybe tighten this?
```suggestion
3. A Zed lake service running at `http://localhost:9867`
```

Author: @nwt: I actually kept this one un-tight intentionally. During black box testing I noticed that if I run a simple program that just listens on `9867` and accepts the incoming connection, and the lake location logic makes it to this step, `zed` effectively hangs indefinitely. I guess it's a hair-split to think that the text as I wrote it communicates this subtlety. But I was trying to express that all it takes is a listening socket for it to commit to this step.

```
#!/usr/local/bin/python3
import socket
import sys

if (len(sys.argv) != 2 or not sys.argv[1].isdigit()):
  print('Usage: listen <port>')
  exit()

p = int(sys.argv[1])
l = []
s = socket.socket(socket.AF_INET, socket.SOCK_STREAM)
s.bind(('', p))
s.listen(1)
while 1:
  (c, a) = s.accept()
  l.append(c)
  print('%d: connection from %s' % (len(l), a))
```

Reviewer: @philrz: That's a bug!

Author: @nwt: Cool! Glad we discussed. I've just opened https://github.com/brimdata/zed/issues/4824 to track this.

   environment variable (if defined)
4. A Zed lake service running locally at `http://localhost:9867` (if a socket

>    is listening at that port)

Reviewer: http://localhost:9867 has precedence over XDG_DATA_HOME.

Author: @nwt: Thanks for spotting that! It's a subtlety I didn't pick up on in my black box testing. I've swapped the order in the list.

> 4. A `zed` subdirectory below a path in the
>    [`XDG_DATA_HOME`](https://specifications.freedesktop.org/basedir-spec/basedir-spec-latest.html)
>    environment variable (if defined)

Reviewer: Maybe tighten this?
```suggestion
4. `$XDG_DATA_HOME/zed` (if the `XDG_DATA_HOME` environment variable is defined)
```

Author: @nwt: This one was also intentionally un-tight because even on Windows the `XDG_DATA_HOME` environment variable may be obeyed. Obviously users have their choice of shell on Windows, and some use `$` to expand. But since the out-of-the-box Command Prompt uses dual `%` to expand environment variables, I was keeping it higher level. Maybe another futile hair-split, though.

5. A default file system location based on detected OS platform:
   - `%LOCALAPPDATA%\zed` on Windows

>    - `$HOME/.local/share/zed` on Linux/macOS

Reviewer: Nit: "and" is classier.
```suggestion
   - `$HOME/.local/share/zed` on Linux and macOS
```
